README.md, before:

**Welcome to my portfolio!**


## About me
Hi! My name is Arthav Mane. I'm currently pursuing my B.Tech. in Electronics Engineering from [Sardar Patel Institute of Technology](https://www.spit.ac.in/), Mumbai.


[//]: <> (## What am I currently working on?)


[//]: <> (## Past projects)


## Publications
* Arthav Mane, Janhavi Bhopale, Ria Motghare and Priya Chimurkar, "**An Overview of Speaker Recognition and Implementation of Speaker Diarization with Transcription**," *International Journal of Computer Applications*, vol. 175, no. 31, pp. 1-6, November 2020. doi: 10.5120/ijca2020920867.
[View paper](https://www.ijcaonline.org/archives/volume175/number31/mane-2020-ijca-920867.pdf)

* Arthav Mane, Janhavi Bhopale, Raksha Jain and Priya Chimurkar, "**A Low-Cost Implementation of an IoT based Food Ordering System**," *Grenze International Journal of Engineering and Technology*, vol. 6, issue 2, pp. 123-128, July 2020.
[View paper](http://thegrenze.com/pages/servej.php?fn=11_1.pdf&name=A%20Low-Cost%20Implementation%20of%20an%20IoT%20basedFood%20Ordering%20System&id=726&association=GRENZE&journal=GIJET&year=2020&volume=6&issue=2)


## Certifications
* "**Deep Learning**" offered by deeplearning.ai, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/1ac2322645be1c0b4dd30702f149b86b)
* "**Applied Data Science with Python**" offered by University of Michigan, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/d6225643d16287fdeb7c592340e27d48)
* "**Mathematics for Machine Learning**" offered by Imperial College London, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/5c657feb6c7cebf99c4c11f8ad7950b2)
* "**Data Science Specialization**" offered by Johns Hopkins University, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/b1324eb2192b5359e727bce3da010ad4)
* "**Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-4b46f628-d897-4387-a1ba-83066b24de6a)
* "**SQL - MySQL for Data Analytics and Business Intelligence**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-f9cf6125-3f8c-4195-ab76-de42734c9a05)
* "**Complete Python Bootcamp: Go from zero to hero in Python 3**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-d82975ad-bb79-44f4-9114-5107daa2f741)
* "**Embedded C**" from SafeTTy Certified Programme.


## Find me on
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arthav-mane)
* [Github](https://github.com/arthavmane)
* [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/arthavmane)
* [Email](mailto:manearthav03@gmail.com)

Commit message:

updated About me
added interests

README.md, after:

**Welcome to my portfolio!**


## About me
Hi! My name is Arthav Mane. I'm currently pursuing my B.Tech. in Electronics Engineering from [Sardar Patel Institute of Technology](https://www.spit.ac.in/), Mumbai. My interests are in data science, machine learning, computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition and artificial intelligence. I like working with unstructured data such as images, videos, texts and audio.


[//]: <> (## What am I currently working on?)


[//]: <> (## Past projects)


## Publications
* Arthav Mane, Janhavi Bhopale, Ria Motghare and Priya Chimurkar, "**An Overview of Speaker Recognition and Implementation of Speaker Diarization with Transcription**," *International Journal of Computer Applications*, vol. 175, no. 31, pp. 1-6, November 2020. doi: 10.5120/ijca2020920867.
[View paper](https://www.ijcaonline.org/archives/volume175/number31/mane-2020-ijca-920867.pdf)

* Arthav Mane, Janhavi Bhopale, Raksha Jain and Priya Chimurkar, "**A Low-Cost Implementation of an IoT based Food Ordering System**," *Grenze International Journal of Engineering and Technology*, vol. 6, issue 2, pp. 123-128, July 2020.
[View paper](http://thegrenze.com/pages/servej.php?fn=11_1.pdf&name=A%20Low-Cost%20Implementation%20of%20an%20IoT%20basedFood%20Ordering%20System&id=726&association=GRENZE&journal=GIJET&year=2020&volume=6&issue=2)


## Certifications
* "**Deep Learning**" offered by deeplearning.ai, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/1ac2322645be1c0b4dd30702f149b86b)
* "**Applied Data Science with Python**" offered by University of Michigan, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/d6225643d16287fdeb7c592340e27d48)
* "**Mathematics for Machine Learning**" offered by Imperial College London, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/5c657feb6c7cebf99c4c11f8ad7950b2)
* "**Data Science Specialization**" offered by Johns Hopkins University, via Coursera. [View certificate](https://coursera.org/share/b1324eb2192b5359e727bce3da010ad4)
* "**Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-4b46f628-d897-4387-a1ba-83066b24de6a)
* "**SQL - MySQL for Data Analytics and Business Intelligence**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-f9cf6125-3f8c-4195-ab76-de42734c9a05)
* "**Complete Python Bootcamp: Go from zero to hero in Python 3**", via Udemy. [View certificate](https://ude.my/UC-d82975ad-bb79-44f4-9114-5107daa2f741)
* "**Embedded C**" from SafeTTy Certified Programme.


## Find me on
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arthav-mane)
* [Github](https://github.com/arthavmane)
* [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/arthavmane)
* [Email](mailto:manearthav03@gmail.com)
